update tools faq (#4591)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/troubleshoot-ticdc.md

> + TiCDC (the 4.0 version) does not support dynamically modifying the sorting engine yet. Make sure that the changefeed has stopped before modifying the sorter settings.
> + Currently, the unified sorter is an experimental feature. When the number of tables is too large (>=100), the unified sorter might cause performance issues and affect replication throughput. Therefore, it is not recommended to use it in a production environment. Before you enable the unified sorter, make sure that the machine of each TiCDC node has enough disk capacity. If the total size of unprocessed data changes might exceed 1 TB, it is not recommend to use TiCDC for replication.

## What is the complete behavior of TiCDC garbage collection (GC) safepoint?

> If a replication task starts after the TiCDC service starts, the TiCDC owner updates the PD service GC safepoint with the smallest value of `checkpoint-ts` among all replication tasks. The service GC safepoint ensures that TiCDC does not delete data generated at that time and after that time. If the replication task is interrupted, the `checkpoint-ts` of this task does not change and PD's corresponding service GC safepoint does not update either. The survival time that TiCDC sets for a service GC safepoint is 24 hours, meaning that the GC mechanism does not deletes any data if the TiCDC service can be recovered within 24 hours after it is interrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a replication task starts after the TiCDC service starts, the TiCDC owner updates the PD service GC safepoint with the smallest value of `checkpoint-ts` among all replication tasks. The service GC safepoint ensures that TiCDC does not delete data generated at that time and after that time. If the replication task is interrupted, the `checkpoint-ts` of this task does not change and PD's corresponding service GC safepoint is not updated either. The Time-To-Live (TTL) that TiCDC sets for a service GC safepoint is 24 hours, meaning that the GC mechanism does not delete any data if the TiCDC service can be recovered within 24 hours after it is interrupted.
```

> If a replication task starts after the TiCDC service starts, the TiCDC owner updates the PD service GC safepoint with the smallest value of `checkpoint-ts` among all replication tasks. The service GC safepoint ensures that TiCDC does not delete data generated at that time and after that time. If the replication task is interrupted, the `checkpoint-ts` of this task does not change and PD's corresponding service GC safepoint is not updated either. The Time-To-Live (TTL) that TiCDC sets for a service GC safepoint is 24 hours, meaning that the GC mechanism does not delete any data if the TiCDC service can be recovered within 24 hours after it is interrupted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a replication task starts after the TiCDC service starts, the TiCDC owner updates the PD service GC safepoint with the smallest value of `checkpoint-ts` among all replication tasks. The service GC safepoint ensures that TiCDC does not delete data generated at that time and after that time. If the replication task is interrupted, the `checkpoint-ts` of this task does not change and PD's corresponding service GC safepoint is not updated either. The Time-To-Live (TTL) that TiCDC sets for a service GC safepoint is 24 hours, which means that the GC mechanism does not delete any data if the TiCDC service can be recovered within 24 hours after it is interrupted.
```

* `DELETE` event only contains the `"d"` field

For more information, refer to [Open protocol Row Changed Event format](/ticdc/ticdc-open-protocol.md#row-changed-event).

## How much PD storage does TiCDC use?

> TiCDC uses etcd in PD to store and regularly update the metadata. As the interval time between the MVCC of etcd and PD‘s default compaction is one hour, the amount of PD storage that TiCDC uses is proportional to the amount of metadata versions generated within this hour. However, in v4.0.5, v4.0.6, and v4.0.7, TiCDC has a problem of frequently writing, so if there are 1000 tables created or scheduled in an hour, it then takes up all the etcd storage and returns error `etcdserver: mvcc: database space exceeded`. You need to clean up the etcd storage after getting this error. See [etcd maintaince space-quota](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.4.0/op-guide/maintenance/#space-quota) for details. It is recommended to upgrade to v4.0.9 and later versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TiCDC uses etcd in PD to store and regularly update the metadata. Because the time interval between the MVCC of etcd and PD‘s default compaction is one hour, the amount of PD storage that TiCDC uses is proportional to the amount of metadata versions generated within this hour. However, in v4.0.5, v4.0.6, and v4.0.7, TiCDC has a problem of frequent writing, so if there are 1000 tables created or scheduled in an hour, it then takes up all the etcd storage and returns the `etcdserver: mvcc: database space exceeded` error. You need to clean up the etcd storage after getting this error. See [etcd maintaince space-quota](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.4.0/op-guide/maintenance/#space-quota) for details. It is recommended to upgrade your cluster to v4.0.9 or later versions.
```
